As long as you don't ruin my business
Of course I won't make it difficult for you.
This girl is well-behaved and docile in front of the station manager
As soon as he left, he showed his true colors
Don't worry.
Self-knowledge is my greatest strength as a person
Go to work first
Thank you.
Mr. Shang
It seems that you didn't remember a word if I went abroad
Mr. Shang, what are my shortcomings at work?
You can directly call the roll call.
I will definitely try my best until you are satisfied.
I said it was about work
Then you mean
Go eat first
I miss it so much
The days when I used to play around with my brothers
What do you miss?
If we hadn't been stalking each other when we were kids
They don't want to take us
Especially my brother
I don't know what you like about him
Do you need a reason to like someone?
Anyway, when I was very young
I want to be Beiting's brother's bride
I will never marry anyone but him in my life